Adding a basic concept (closes #589) (#594)
exercism/cpp: exercises/concept/lasagna/.docs/hints.md

# Hints

## General

- Don't forget the `;` after each statement.
- You can define an integer with `int myInteger = 44;`. 

> ## 1. Get the time that is spent baking.

Reviewer: How about omitting "that is", to be consistent with he other headers?

- The introduction has information on the time for the recipe.

> - A method can return a value in the form of `return 2;`

Reviewer: method -> function

## 2. Get the preparation time.

- You can access the number of layers by using the respective parameter.
- You can do calculations when you define an integer: `int myInteger = 3 + myOtherInteger;`

## 3. Calculate the time left in the oven

> - You can call other methods and use them like variables: `return 22 * myOtherCalculation();`

Reviewer 2: calling functions is not explained so far, just declaring them

> ## 4. Calculate the total time spend on the lasagna

Reviewer: spent

## 3. Calculate the time left in the oven

> - You can call other functions and use them like variables: `return 22 * myOtherCalculation();`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can call other functions and use the returned value like variables: `return 22 * myOtherCalculation();`
```
